README.md, before:

# Specification Phase Exercise: Purrfect Serenity
Cat Media ASMR to relax/study/chill to

## Team members
1. [Charles Hu](https://github.com/comeom)
2. [Nathalia Xu](https://github.com/slurp-slurp)
3. [Bobby Impastato](https://github.com/bobbyimpastato)
4. [Alicia Hwang](https://github.com/a-j-hwang)


## Stakeholders
We interviewed 4 stakeholders. They are all target end-users of our app, who are cat lovers and/or feel stressed or anxious from work, study, or life in general. We interviewed people who are between the ages 20 to 30, busy with work and school, located in and outside of the US, and of different genders. Three of them are cat owners who have an emotional attachment to cats. All of them experience stress and/or anxiety in life and have experience using other relaxation apps. 

They mentioned four main goals and problems they would like our app to address.
Goals:
1. Provide different soothing sounds of cats to calm the user's mind
2. Provide a platform for cat owners to share videos/sound clips
3. Hear your own cat (dead or alive) to feel better
4. Fall asleep

Problems:
1. Stressed from work
2. Feel anxious during the day or cannot fall asleep
3. Suffering from grief from a lost cat / missing their cat back home 
4. Some apps where people share pet videos have toxic comments


## Product Vision Statement
Our app, Purrfect Serenity, aims to create a calming and relaxing platform for users to listen to and upload to a range of cat ASMR sounds/videos, offering relief from stress and a toxic-free community of cat lovers.

## User Requirements
We curated 11 user stories:
1. As someone who has trouble falling asleep, I want the app to have a feature that provides continuous soothing cat sounds (with an automatic shutoff) to help me drift off to sleep peacefully.
2. As a grieving pet owner, I want the app to allow me to listen to recordings of my own cat's sounds or see their videos so that I can feel a sense of connection and comfort.
3. As a cat owner who frequently travels for work, I want the app to have a feature that allows me to hear my cat's sounds or watch videos of them to ease my homesickness while I'm away.
4. As a cat lover, I want a selection of authentic cat purring sounds so that I can feel comforted and relaxed.
5. As someone who doesn’t have a cat but still enjoys cat-related content, I want the app to offer a diverse range of cat sounds and videos to cater to different preferences and provide a calming experience.
6. As a cat owner, I want to be able to easily share videos and sound clips of my own cat on the app to connect with other cat lovers and share the joy of pet ownership.
7. As a stressed-out student, I want to play the sound in the background so I can listen to it and fall asleep.
8. As a user with hearing impairment, I want visualizations of the cat sounds (like animated cat visuals) so that I can still experience the calming effects.
9. As a new user, I want recommendations or featured soundscapes so that I can explore popular or soothing combinations others are using.
10. As a user who cares about aesthetics, I want a visually pleasing app interface with cute cat graphics so that my visual experience complements the audio.
11. As a busy individual, I want the option to set reminders so that I can incorporate relaxation moments into my daily routine.


## Activity Diagrams
![Activity Diagram](https://i.imgur.com/LGkOXgI.jpg)

## Clickable Prototype

[Here is our link to a clickable Prototype / Wireframes](https://www.figma.com/file/3jpmH5VGE7yXVa2PM37IrJ/SWE-Plants-Wireframes-%26-Prototype?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=JMiC3DuzmVh8cWun-1)

Commit message:

added text of user stories above the activity diagram

README.md, after:

# Specification Phase Exercise: Purrfect Serenity
Cat Media ASMR to relax/study/chill to

## Team members
1. [Charles Hu](https://github.com/comeom)
2. [Nathalia Xu](https://github.com/slurp-slurp)
3. [Bobby Impastato](https://github.com/bobbyimpastato)
4. [Alicia Hwang](https://github.com/a-j-hwang)


## Stakeholders
We interviewed 4 stakeholders. They are all target end-users of our app, who are cat lovers and/or feel stressed or anxious from work, study, or life in general. We interviewed people who are between the ages 20 to 30, busy with work and school, located in and outside of the US, and of different genders. Three of them are cat owners who have an emotional attachment to cats. All of them experience stress and/or anxiety in life and have experience using other relaxation apps. 

They mentioned four main goals and problems they would like our app to address.
Goals:
1. Provide different soothing sounds of cats to calm the user's mind
2. Provide a platform for cat owners to share videos/sound clips
3. Hear your own cat (dead or alive) to feel better
4. Fall asleep

Problems:
1. Stressed from work
2. Feel anxious during the day or cannot fall asleep
3. Suffering from grief from a lost cat / missing their cat back home 
4. Some apps where people share pet videos have toxic comments


## Product Vision Statement
Our app, Purrfect Serenity, aims to create a calming and relaxing platform for users to listen to and upload to a range of cat ASMR sounds/videos, offering relief from stress and a toxic-free community of cat lovers.

## User Requirements
We curated 11 user stories:
1. As someone who has trouble falling asleep, I want the app to have a feature that provides continuous soothing cat sounds (with an automatic shutoff) to help me drift off to sleep peacefully.
2. As a grieving pet owner, I want the app to allow me to listen to recordings of my own cat's sounds or see their videos so that I can feel a sense of connection and comfort.
3. As a cat owner who frequently travels for work, I want the app to have a feature that allows me to hear my cat's sounds or watch videos of them to ease my homesickness while I'm away.
4. As a cat lover, I want a selection of authentic cat purring sounds so that I can feel comforted and relaxed.
5. As someone who doesn't have a cat but still enjoys cat-related content, I want the app to offer a diverse range of cat sounds and videos to cater to different preferences and provide a calming experience.
6. As a cat owner, I want to be able to easily share videos and sound clips of my own cat on the app to connect with other cat lovers and share the joy of pet ownership.
7. As a stressed-out student, I want to play the sound in the background so I can listen to it and fall asleep.
8. As a user with hearing impairment, I want visualizations of the cat sounds (like animated cat visuals) so that I can still experience the calming effects.
9. As a new user, I want recommendations or featured soundscapes so that I can explore popular or soothing combinations others are using.
10. As a user who cares about aesthetics, I want a visually pleasing app interface with cute cat graphics so that my visual experience complements the audio.
11. As a busy individual, I want the option to set reminders so that I can incorporate relaxation moments into my daily routine.


## Activity Diagrams
Diagram 1 fulfills user story #1: As someone who has trouble falling asleep, I want the app to have a feature that provides continuous soothing cat sounds (with an automatic shutoff) to help me drift off to sleep peacefully.

Diagram 2 fulfills user story #6: As a cat owner, I want to be able to easily share videos and sound clips of my own cat on the app to connect with other cat lovers and share the joy of pet ownership.
![Activity Diagram](https://i.imgur.com/LGkOXgI.jpg)

## Clickable Prototype

[Here is our link to a clickable Prototype / Wireframes](https://www.figma.com/file/3jpmH5VGE7yXVa2PM37IrJ/SWE-Plants-Wireframes-%26-Prototype?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=JMiC3DuzmVh8cWun-1)
